Dad, Mom, Brother,
Sister Tiantian, she lost her biological parents when she was a child.
Later, I fell into Shanyang again and lost contact with us.
She is already so pitiful, so let's stop fighting for her.
For many years, I played with the earth alone.
Hungry and miserable, even though those took away my days,
You all don't know how I got through it.
God specially cherishes your full marriage.
I want to marry and cherish my brother Liang Guoxiong.
In this regard, I am not at all casual.
It's a hand-in-hand gesture that I didn't expect
You actually came to doubt me
Since the public hand
Look at my silence
Then I would have spoken out a long time ago
But I don’t love those eyes of yours, don’t leave for a thousand days
Auntie believes you
I finally found it
We'll lose you again
How long will the economic crisis last?
No one should doubt Tiantian anymore